DBZ-5057 Document ORA-01882 and Oracle 11g (#3433)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/oracle.adoc

The preceding steps configure the TCP network stack to send keep-alive packets every 60 seconds.
As a result, the AWS Gateway Load Balancer does not timeout when JDBC calls to the LogMiner API take more than 350 seconds to complete, enabling the connector to continue to read changes from the database's transaction logs.

[id="oracle-oracle-11-exception-ora01882"]
=== Connector fails to connect due to ORA-01882 with Oracle 11g

> When using `ojdbc8.jar` with Oracle 11g, the connector may raise the following error on start up:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you start a connector that uses the Oracle JDBC driver (`ojdbc8.jar`) to access an Oracle 11g database, the connector might report the following error:
```
